*******************************************************************************

How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

Using diff narrowed down the amount of code that had be checked to find the
bug. This is because diff only shows the change from one file to the next. If
one had to search through a hundred or more lines of code to find where a bug
was introduced, it would take much, much longer. With diff, it cuts the process
down a good bit.



*******************************************************************************

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more 
efficient programmer in the long term?

When programmers introduce bugs into a program, they may not show themselves
immediately. Having multiple older versions of that program will allow
a programmer to quickly look back through the different versions to see where
and how the bug was introduced. Also, having multiples versions allows
programmers greater latitude to experiment with new code without worrying
about compromising older, working code.



******************************************************************************

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create 
a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like 
Google Docs does?

Being able to manually save a commit means that there is a human factor in 
the commits. A developer can save a commit when it logically makes sense
rather than at a random moment in programming. Automatic commits would be 
extremely difficult to search and find stable previous versions. However,
manual commits means that same human factor could lead to creating too many
commits, or too few. People are generally lazy and I can see someone not
making enough commits becuase they forget or just don't do it for whatever
reason.



******************************************************************************

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple 
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file 
separately?

Version control systems that are geared specifically towards code need to be
able to save multiple files. As the example in the video, software often uses
multiple files that link together to create one program. It makes more sense
in this instance to track the entire program rather than just one file since
a change in one file will affect a change in another file. When tracking docs
such as those in Google Docs, each written page does not rely on another file
to be read. There is little reason to link two documents togther since changes
do not affect other documents.



******************************************************************************

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Git log allows the person viewing the repository to read the comments of 
changes in the different commits. This allows them to easily see what was done
in that commit. Git diff then allows the user to drill down into two commits
and see what the differences are between the two commits, i.e. what lines were
added or changed.



******************************************************************************

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that 
could break something?

Since all previouse versions of code are saved using version control, it is
fairly simple to return to working versions whenever something changes or
breaks the program. This means experiementing and trying new things can get
easier and a programmer can be more confident in trying something different.



******************************************************************************

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

As I progress as a programmer, I am creting more complicated programs. As I do
so, I also make more complicated errors and experiment more as well. Trying to
keep track of bugs and to experiment is difficult when using straight files. 
Version control like Git will help to simplify this process and allow me more
freedom to code and make great software.